Something you'll probably want to do before you start publishing content is customize your profile in
WordPress, you can do this by clicking your profile under the user's tab in your dashboard.
On this page, you can edit a few different options that just customize your experience inside of WordPress.
For example, if you want WordPress to look a little different, you can choose any of these alternative
color schemes.
But the most important section here is your actual profile information, which determines how you're
identified on the front end of your site so you can enter your first and last name here, as well as
a nickname, which can be anything you want.
And then you can choose to display your name publicly as any combination of those.
This is what people are going to see on your author page and on posts that you've written.
We also have contact info and biographical info, which may or may not show up on your site depending
on your theme.
And after that, we have your profile picture.
And to edit this, you'll need to create an account on Gravity Dotcom using the same email address that
you used here.
Gravitas means globally recognized Avatar, and it's basically a way to set a profile picture for yourself
once and have that profile picture follow you around the Web, most commonly on WordPress sites.
So it'll show up on your blog, but it also show up when you comment on somebody else's WordPress blog
as long as you use that same email address.
So sign up for gravitas, set a profile picture and it should automatically sink back to your site.
You can also change your password on this page if you need to.
And once you've configured everything, just click update profile and you're good to go.